[doc](show table)Optimize the documentation of show table statements. (#1898)
apache/doris-website: docs/sql-manual/sql-statements/table-and-view/table/SHOW-CONVERT-LIGHT-SCHEMA-CHANGE-PROCESS.md

under the License.
-->

## Description

> Used to view the conversion of non-light schema change olpa tables to light schema change tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used to view the conversion process of non-light schema change OLAP tables to light schema change tables.
```

## Syntax

```sql
SHOW CONVERT_LIGHT_SCHEMA_CHANGE_PROCESS [ FROM <db_name> ]
```

## Optional parameters

> **1. `FROM clause`**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1. `<db_name>`**
```
